[mypyc] Updates to dev docs, including debugging segfaults (#18462)
python/mypy: mypyc/doc/dev-intro.md

expected contents of stdout the test case should produce. New test
cases should prefer assert statements to `[out]` sections.

### Debuggging Segfaults

> If you experience a segfault, using a debugger that supports C, such
> as gdb or lldb, is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience a segfault, it's recommended to use a debugger that supports
C, such as gdb or lldb, to look into the segfault.
```

Just a small rephrasing to make it easier to read
